<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/xsl" href="/layout/template.xsl"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Persistent URLs</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Welcome to Persistent URLs</h1>

<p id="congrats">If you're seeing this page via a web browser, it means you've installed a PURL server successfully. Congratulations!</p>

<p>To finish the setup process visit <a href="/group/admin?usersetup">The User Setup Page</a> and choose an administrator password. This page is only accessable from the local machine and only until an administrator password is choosen.</p>

<p>To get started click the Persistent URLs link at the left and then click the edit tab. In the edit screen click on the chevrons to create a new domain origin. Fill in the form to create a PURL authority that will be served by this server. Once a domain has been created assign it to the server, save the changes. This process may take a few moments, please be patient.</p>

<p>Click on the top level domain to continue to create the PURL hierarchy.</p>

<p><b>Domains</b> are logical folders that assign access control lists and PURL authorities. <b>Partials</b> are folders in the hierarchy that may use regular expressions to auto complete targets. <b>PURLs</b> are persistent URLs within domains or partials that resolve to an explicit target.</p>

<p>Share your experience or ask questions on the <a href="http://groups.google.com/group/persistenturls">mailing list</a>.</p>

</body>
</html>
